[Applause]
yeah well last time I saw he was at the
at the concert that's right at the big
day a tribute to Chris Cornell yeah the
forum is what lasts like Wednesday night
yeah it was it was really it was
beautiful that was some show huh yeah
really Metallica was Alice in Chains
Pearl Jam Miley Cyrus was there she did
a beautiful job
he was great I know you know I'm sure
you were excited to see everybody but
who are you most excited just I mean
Metallica for me that's a yeah that's
your band that's that's our guy did you
talk to them yeah definitely I
definitely made my way backstage with
maybe having a had one too many oh
really
did you embarrass yourself the guy's
struck up a deep deep calm or deep at
least on my part conversation about who
the best drummer in the world was
O'Regan influences you know stuff like
and woe is the best drummer in the world
as far as I recall it was between
Stewart Copeland and the drummer from
deep purple oh and that was your your
group discussion that one with myself
[Laughter]
and it was between me and Brody number
three Dave Grohl was back there too oh
man he's a sweetheart
though you talked to him yeah he was you
didn't mention him and the best drummer
in the world I think he made a quick
exit have you seen those bands in
concert before I had yet I'd say I mean
that my first no my second concert when
I was 13 was Metallica G&R and Motorhead
at the Rose Bowl Wow was your first
concert my first concert Faith No More
Faith No More highest hun Babes in
Toyland Wow with my father
oh really yeah your dad took you I was
wrong yeah was he into a2 or was he just
not sure I think was I think it was pure
chaperone buck yeah yeah yeah that's a
funny thing going to a concert with you
I think I only did that once maybe no
I've done it as an adult but as a kid I
think I've only I went to
I went to Lionel Richie with my mother I
was in a lot of the man back in high
school very saucy you know none of my
friends wanted to go well I can't
imagine why and I really like I think I
paid like $60 for the ticket which was
like three weeks salary at the time and
I was like Marv you want to go to see
Lionel Richie he's like I would love to
and then yeah I don't know what half
second concert laid out my second guy oh
that wasn't my first concert my first
concert was Sammy Davis jr. I know my
gosh Vegas oh my god
in fact Cleo's dad got his tickets and
Cleo and I I wore my cousin Steven suit
prevent any guys don't each other that
long we've known each other since I was
nine Junior that's incredible yeah thank
you
I have a picture of Sammy the picture of
Sammy Davis in my house and it's him at
six frames of him on a rooftop probably
at the sands in Vegas jumping and like
kind of flying off the roof it's
incredible really he must have been an
incredible proof you love that that
error that robot arimathea of those guys
yeah yeah I mean I love the it must have
been what was that like to grow it was
Sinatra's still performing there no well
keeping it guess he was but keep in mind
I wasn't really part of the Rat Pack at
all it works
no not no
I was more in the going to concerts with
mom group but at that stage you weren't
you weren't performing no singing
performing I was delivering pizza I was
I was folding Levi's 501s at Miller's
outpost a clothing store that was out
that's it's my performing experience
yeah no nothing yeah so we learned that
you on our show I really feel like is
when you're a beautiful voice came to
the nation's attention I when I sang for
the the school closures yes it was
really a baby saying another time before
that I serenaded you bet you did it was
beautiful and I know they got on top of
this table yeah you did I nearly got
farther than that kid none of that stuff
the closest I got is I sang I was in a
band with my math teacher in English TV
what did they play well my math teacher
was a sax player our English teacher was
a guitar player what kind of songs did
you do not maybe the most appropriate
for us we started with brown sugar bio
the stuff that Jewish liberal school in
the valley Wow don't hang out yeah and
and then we followed that with at a town
hall meeting in the you know middle
10:15 in the morning middle school in
high school I sang let's get it on
really Wow and then what happened you
went to ninth grade and the band broke
up
mikage our player adding it back to his
wives problems at home did you know at
that age what let's get it on meant no I
was just excited that my voice was that
high that I could hit those no yeah yeah
think I could hit that low how about
that what's the first song you remember
really like knowing like the whole like
and doing vanilla ice no it's a fun song
it's a great pop song it certainly stood
the test of time it had really his song
I mean it's a David Bowie song and then
he added lyrics to its fantastic work
stuff really well let take us through
them let's go through them they'll
energy that's a pen yeah that's a
alright stop collaborate and listen ice
back with my brand new invention
something wrap the whole to me taught me
daily and nightly will it ever stop yo I
don't know turn off the lights and I'll
go to the extreme erect the mic like a
man doll line up the stage to wax it up
like a candle
[Music]
[Applause]
another years old that was a mistake
you swing about that yeah that's it
you're out of the next Wonder Woman
movie vanilla is gonna be sold out
outward to your mother I am Jimmy Kimmel
I hope you enjoyed that video hit
subscribe and all your dreams will come
true assuming your dreams are to watch
more YouTube videos